Added Helm chart for Kubernetes support (#17)
jacobbednarz/go-csp-collector: kubernetes/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- if .Values.ingress.enabled }}

> 1. The CSP reporter availble by setting your report-uri to :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The CSP violation collector is available by setting your report-uri to:
```

Author: updated
